ok so if you review the /docs you will get an clear guidelines about what this app is and how important the html and css is to be semantic and the design to be solely changed within css only.  In /semtest you will find a sample prototype we did to test creating semantic search with surrealdb and wordembeddings. I would like to implement this so there is a search menu item added to the navbar and when clicked goes to a dedicated search page with a single search box . When a user searches I want it to use semantic search to find profiles (acrtors/crew/directors/etc), locations, organizations, and projects.  The contex4t should be derivable from the search text. I would like a ranked order of search results on a new page). Please review the /semtest cargo.toml carefully as during that prototype (some versions ago) we had to pin speecifc crates in order to compile. Lets approach this incrementailly, lets first just add the new search page and navbar item. Then lets update the surrealdb schema (/db/schema.surql) to support the vestor search. Then finally, add the embedding code so when new people, orgs, locations, and productions are added that they get proper embedding. Please obtimize the embeddings as well so for example a search might say "I am looking for a male actor ages 20-40 in berlin" or "I am looing for an modern office in los angeless with lots of lgiht". Please really do your best to make sure the results really nail the context and make it truly seem AI is helping them find the right search results.
